OSDOCS-7427: Documented 4.12.29 z-stream release notes (#63516)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-12-release-notes.adoc

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.12.29 --pullspecs
----

[id="ocp-4-12-29-bug-fixes"]
==== Bug fixes

* Previously, the Ingress Operator did not include an Amazon Web Services (AWS) permission in its cloud credentials request. This impacted the management of domain name system (DNS) records in the Commercial Cloud Services (C2S) `us-iso-east-1` and the Secret Commercial Cloud Services (SC2S) `us-isob-east-1` AWS Regions. If you installed an {product-title} cluster in a C2S or an SC2S AWS Region, the Ingress Operator failed to publish DNS records for the Route 53 service and you would receive an error message similar to the following example:
+
[source,terminal]
----
The DNS provider failed to ensure the record: failed to find hosted zone for record: failed to get tagged resources: AccessDenied: User: [...] is not authorized to perform: route53:ListTagsForResources on resource: [...]
----
+

> The {product-title} {product-version} release fixes this issue by adding the `route53:ListTagsForResources` permission to the Ingress Operator's cloud credentials request, so that the operator can publish DNS records in the previously stated AWS Regions for the Route 53 service. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-15467[OCPBUGS-15434])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {product-title} {product-version} release fixes this issue by adding the `route53:ListTagsForResources` permission to the Ingress Operator's cloud credentials request, so that the Operator can publish DNS records in the C2S and SC2S AWS Regions for the Route 53 service. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-15467[OCPBUGS-15467])
```

Reviewer: See https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/term_glossary.adoc#operator for Operators. Always capitalized, even when not used with the specific name.

Author: Well spotted. Updated.
